_
What happened to your pips?
Dry-cleaners must have forgotten them.
You tell him Turk said, "Pay
up or he's a fucking dead man!"
Take your fuckin' money.
Our little arrangement is over.
If you girls wanna take
your aggro out on each other,
as long as it's mutual
and of your own free will,
- knock yourselves out.
- You wanna fight?
Yeah. Nuh, I'm fuckin' great
at punchin' tits, all right,
so, yeah, I wanna fight.
- You can't fight.
- It's my choice.
So choose me.
Information's power.
You got, like, dirt files or somethin'?
Yeah, that's exactly what I've got.
She was at the same bar with my boy
the night he was attacked,
she might know something.
- Unh!
- She doesn't remember!
How can you be so sure?
She's my sister.
I went to that bar with
Shelley. He raped her.
I just belted him and I ran.
I didn't know he was Danny Winter.
Will, Jake is the prowler!
Vera, I'm standing right
next to him. We're at work.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ You don't know me,
when I don't know you ♪
♪ You're calling me in,
you're catching me out ♪
♪ You don't know me,
when I don't know you ♪
Sync & corrections by PetaG & chamallow
- www.MY-SUBS.com -
Vera?! Where's Vera?
- What's happened? Where's Vera?
- No, I'm OK!
I'm OK.
You should find somewhere else to
stay, at least for the short term.
I am not moving out of my house.
I view this as a warning, Ms Bennett.
If she wanted to hurt
me, why didn't she?
This is typical Ferguson
playing her fucking mind games.
We'll get all this tested
and leave a car stationed outside.
You shouldn't stay here.
Uh, where should I stay, Jake?
I am not about to be scared
out of my home by her.
- Why don't we stay around for a bit?
- No, no, go.
Obviously I'll be well
protected, I'll see you tomorrow.
- Mate, are you sure that...
- Yes, I'm sure, OK, I fuckin' buried her.
_
Did you bury me deep enough?
How deep did you dig?
Two feet, three?
But then you couldn't
dig any more, could you?
Couldn't see it through.
You've always lacked courage.
No moral fortitude.
Your wife was murdered,
you forgave her murderer.
Best friend betrays
you, you forgive him too.
Now this place has
squeezed you like a lemon.
- And yet, here you still are.
- I'm not gonna let you
fucking get inside my head again.
Too late...
Mr Jackson.
Don't tell me, milk's off?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Bread isn't fresh either.
Toaster's on the blink.
I'll just have to steal
one of Jake's apples.
Sierra 1 calling Sierra 6.
- This is Sierra 6, go ahead.
- Police are at the gatehouse.
OK, send them through, I'm on my way.
Is that about Ferguson?
Why would it be about Ferguson?
Cops wanna charge Connors
over Kosta's assault.
Rita Connors, we are here
to formally charge you
with the assault of Vicky Kosta.
I must inform you that you
do not have to say anything...
Haven't heard from you in a while.
- She's got a dirt file.
- A what?
A file. Nasty shit on a lot of people,
that's how Marie controls them.
Including whoever is Winter's protector.
I'd bet on it. We find that
file, we ID the bastard.
So, where is it? In here?
Fuck knows.
- I need more time.
- How long?
- I don't know.
- So, bottom line is, you're no closer.
No, I am close, Jonesie.
- I can feel it, I just need a little...
- We only agreed to this
because you convinced us
that you could pull it off.
- Yeah, I can! I dunno.
- So, who's protecting Winter?
Oh, don't give me that fuckin'
look, Mick. I'm on top of this.
- You can't pull the pin.
- That's not your call, Detective.
We need a name.
- That's it, twist. Yes.
- Ugh!
- Twist more. Yep, that's it.
- Hey, hot stuff?!
You wimped out on me...
but, I'm willin' to give ya another go.
- Argh!
- I'm retired.
You owe me a fuckin'
fight. You and Boomer.
I'm not gonna punch
Boomer, she's my mate.
Hell, you wish.
Oh, n-not the mate bit, like,
'cause we are, but like the...
the punchin', beatin'
stuff, hey, you wish!
Got a better option for you anyway.
- Oh, yeah?
- Cherry.
That rice cracker? Are you serious?
Tomorrow, be ready.
Oh, I'll be ready.
Scars of us! Argh!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa. OK, OK. Yup, yup, all right.
We obviously have a lot of work to do.
OK, it's all in the feet. Right?
- Right.
- Watch me. Watch, watch, watch.
- Hey, sugar.
- Oh, nice work, Booms.
- Are you learnin' to dance?
- Oh, shut up!
- Hey, it's easy.
- Hey, Ru.
I need to tell you something.
- Relax.
- Yeah.
What's up?
I'm really horny.
Oh...
Lucas is coming in today.
Hey! Lucas... he's coming in.
- He's got news.
- What, about Danny?
Maybe. He said it's important.
How'd you go with the cops?
Formally charged me.
Thanks.
I never forget a favour.
- Come here. Come here!
- Ah, ah, no, no, don't mess up me hair!
I'm gonna... Get off...
Oh, are you serious?!
Your sister's certainly
falling on her feet.
- Don't! Then...
- Oh... What?!
Like... take a time out!
- Get a room!
- Oh, well, come on then.
Ooh, OK. One, two, three, four.
Liz.
- What? Uh... mm.
- Community Chest.
Oh, bank error in your
favour, collect 200 bucks.
- What?
- Oh, yeah, like that'd ever happen.
Thank you.
All right, my turn.
I'm gonna tell the kids.
I'm gonna ring Sophie and
Artie and let them know.
- I think that's great.
- Mmm...
Right...
Hey...
I know I'm the one with dementia, love,
but you've landed on
mine, and there's a hotel.
You still horny?
Ah, no, no, no, no, d...
- Piss off!
- Shit!
You deaf?
Sorry. I need to speak to you.
Told ya.
Go directly to Jail.
- Yes!
- Do not pass Go. Do not collection $200.
What the fuck are you doin'?
What does it look like?
You're takin' a big bloody risk.
- What, screwing in the middle of the day?
- No, Allie!
- What about her?
- She and Marie were lovers, eh?
- Yeah, so?
- So, Marie's still keen on her.
You bein' with Allie
keeps Marie's eye on you.
You don't need that, Ru.
Can you get out so I can get dressed?
Forensic report on the gloves
came back negative for DNA.
So she never wore them.
Or she's being careful.
But the boot tread on the carpet
looks like a match for
Ferguson's shoe size.
- So, it could be Ferguson.
- I'm banking on it being her.
- I'm hoping you're her Achilles' heel.
- Terrific.
We'll keep watching your house.
- Who is he?
- Name's Gregory Turkle. Turk.
We believe he's an
associate of Ferguson's
- who aided with her escape.
- Why do you think that?
We traced a $90,000 payment
from Ferguson to Turkle
the day before Nils Jesper was killed.
Mr Stewart?
Can I have a word?
Gregory Turkle.
Turk.
What... what about him?
The day before Nils Jesper was
murdered, Ferguson paid him $90,000.
- How do you know...
- I just know.
Uh...
- OK.
You were in debt to Turk over drugs,
and the day before Jesper is shot,
Ferguson wipes your debt.
What's your point?
What'd you do for that money, Jake?
Did you kill Jesper?
- Vera, come on...
- Did you murder Nils Jesper?!
No.
I don't believe you.
It's not true. Vera, it's not...
_
I already made copies.
By trying to wipe it,
you've told me
everything I need to know.
I'm giving these to the police, Jake.
You taught me one thing
and this is my insurance.
It's over.
Vera knows.
- What?
- No, not about you, about Jesper.
What I did, she fucking knows.
OK.
She's gonna go to the cops,
she's gonna tell them everything.
Well, maybe it's what you deserve.
Yeah?
Well, if I go down, Will,
fucked if I'm goin' alone.
Yes, Vera Bennett.
Governor of Wentworth.
Can you tell Detective
Collins I need to speak to him?
That's right, soon as he can.
Will...
What is it?
You can't dob him in.
He told you?
Did he send you up here?
Do you know what he did?
- Then why the hell are you protecting that criminal?
- I don't...
I don't want to protect him.
I need to protect him.
No.
No!
After everything he has done,
- he is going to jail!
- Vera...
- He's a murderer!
- So am I.
So am I.
What are you talking about?
Jake helped Ferguson escape...
then I killed her.
I found out about the escape first,
told Will...
came up with a plan.
We had no idea Doyle was involved.
We didn't know whose plan it was.
We thought we'd stopped it.
And we just... arranged
for Ferguson to go instead.
How'd you kill her?
I buried her.
You what?
He buried her alive.
How do you know she didn't...
Didn't what?
- Dig her way out.
- She's dead.
Then who is stalking me?
Who is leaving black gloves
on my fucking pillow, Will?
Governor, Detective
Collins is on line one.
Tell the detective I'll call him back.
- Are you gonna...
- Get out.
Both of you.
- Vera...
- I said get out.
How hot is it, Tim?
Sure.
Tell me the words exactly.
- Boo.
- G'day, gorgeous.
- Mmm.
- Mwah! Ha!
Yeah, well, I've, uh...
been living on beer
and bloody doner kebabs.
- I miss your cookin'.
- That shit will clog your arteries, Ray.
Hey, listen, Reets, um...
you bein' in here...
well, it's made me think
of some pretty big stuff.
I'm bloody useless without you.
Oh, I don't... don't just
mean your cookin', I'm...
I mean it, I...
- Mean what?
- I mean, you and me, us.
- Sticking together.
- Yeah, I know.
- We will.
- You promise?
You'll stand by me?
Well...
Make a honest man of me.
Marry me, Reets.
Ah, what do you want me to say?
Well, yes or no.
It's usually one of those two answers.
I need to think about it?
Oh.
And then there's that one. Fuck!
I'll give you an answer.
Tomorrow.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna book the bloody
visit on the way out.
I'm a patient bastard.
Someone's got a sense of humour,
they put me in Proctor's old cell.
- So, how'd you go with Lucas?
- It's not about Danny.
It's about the rat.
The tip-off came from someone in here.
Someone who got their hands on that
phone after you called Pasquale.
There's only one
person it could've been.
- Why can't you see what she is?
- Because I need more
- than your jealousy to bury Rita.
- OK.
We'll flush her out.
- Then I'll take care of it.
- Attention, compound.
Attention, compound. H Block
are now called for lunch.
Lizzie, I'm really hungry, can
you, like, get a wriggle on?
Well, there's just so much choice.
Yeah, hot dogs, hot dogs, or hot dogs.
Go the hot dogs, Liz, they're not bad.
Can't bugger up a hot dog.
- Oh, thank you, love.
- All right.
And the Butchers have
got the full amount?
- 20 kilos, premium. Meeting in Footscray.
- Dutchie's pub?
Yeah, 2 o'clock tomorrow.
Hey.
Hey...
check her out. Tomorrow she's
toast, I'll snap her in half, eh?
Well, if you eat all that,
you can just fart on her.
Hey, Cherry, I'm gonna
turn you into a sushi roll.
Ho-ho, I'm Chinese, you dumb elephant.
Oh, good comeback. Not.
Oh!
Sorry...
Ha, sushi!
You're dead!
Will they never be clean?
You... are dead!
You're fucking... dead!
You are fucking... dead!
Hey... Mr Jackson?
Hey, it's OK.
Li?
Clean that shit up.
_
Uncle Frank? It's your favourite niece.
Rita? Good to hear from ya.
How's Auntie Pat?
Auntie Pat's hungry for news.
She still seein' that, um, Dutchman
fella, the one in Footscray?
Tell Auntie Pat when I get out of here,
we're gonna have the
biggest, deadliest barbecue.
Go to the butcher's
and get us, ah, 20 kilos
of the prime beef sausages.
Auntie Pat loves a barbecue.
Even in the middle of
winter, they go hand-in-hand.
Tell Aunt I'll, uh, call tomorrow, 2pm.
- Tomorrow, 2pm, righto.
- See ya.
Yeah, salt and vinegar.
Crap!
- Hey.
You got kids, Liz?
Yeah! Yeah, I do, I've got two.
A boy, Artie, and a girl, Sophie.
Oh, nice.
What about you?
Yeah, I got a boy.
Miss 'em in here, don't ya?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, Artie and I don't have a
lot to do with each other, but...
Soph and me, we're...
we're pretty close. Yeah.
Well, you cherish that, Liz?
Yeah, all right... I do.
Yeah.
Hey.
So, you and Ruby?
Oh, she's a sweet kid, I'm
really happy for you. Really.
Do you know Ruby was at the same bar
Danny was at the night it happened?
What?
She didn't tell you that?
No, I...
I tried to talk to Ruby, you know...
just ask her who was there.
I mean I admit Zara may have
been a bit heavy-handed...
Why are you tellin' me this?
Well, maybe Ruby might know
something that can help?
You know, we need to find
out who killed our Danny.
I've got some pictures
I'd like you to show her.
Your behaviour recently all makes...
horrible sense to me now.
Help me understand,
I need to understand.
Why... did you do it?
I saved her from that fire.
She was dead, but I pulled her out.
So, everything that
happened after that, to...
to Bea, you, the women...
- even Jake...
- Will, don't.
She was toxic, Vera.
She's fucking cancer.
After the women decided to lynch her...
that was it for her.
If I didn't kill her...
Kaz would've had to.
And I can't live with that.
Why didn't I just let her hang?
Even dead... she is controlling us.
If I go to the police, she wins.
She wins.
And she can't, Will.
She can't.
Soph?
Sophie?
Oh, Sophie?
Hey...
- Ooh-ooh? Ooh-ooh.
- Mmm?
It's time to get up, love.
- You're gonna be late for school, come on.
- Hey?
- What? It's night-time.
- Hmm?
It's night-time.
Hmm, I'm gonna get you a MILO, hon.
- Liz?
- Look at you...
Boomer?
Yeah.
Come back to bed, Liz.
I must've been having a... what's...
What's that thing called when ya...
- you know, when you wake...?
- Sleepwalking?
- Yes! Yeah, that's...
- Sleepwalking.
I must've been sleepwalking.
I'm sorry, love.
- Oh, it's all right.
- I'm sorry.
- Come on, honey.
- Oh...
- Everything OK?
- Yeah.
- Liz, are you right?
- Yeah... yeah, I'm right.
We're just havin' a little sleepwalk.
- This is me.
- Yeah.
Talk about freakin' me out, eh?
She thought I was Sophie.
- Oh, man...
- It's a grog. You know...
it's like my syndrome,
eh? It's just... just...
fucks with your brain cells. It's...
Hey, I'm gonna make
a cuppa, you want one?
No, I'm all right. I'll...
I'll see you back in bed, eh?
What the fuck is this?
Are you spying for her?
What...? Who, Marie? No...
She just... she...
She just asked if I
would show you these.
I guess she was hoping
that you could identify...
Who's fucking girlfriend are ya?!
Mine, or Marie's?
- Ruby, come on...
- Fuck you.
- Ruby, come on! I don't...
- No!
Hey...? Ruby...?
Hey?!
- Ruby, can you at least let me explain?
- Allie!
Keep it down.
No, they never told me, so
I said, nuh, I wasn't in.
Hey.
Well, after that useless bloody
kiss, I'm not gonna push things.
You don't have to make a decision,
we can... we can just have a chat.
I know you, Ray,
get somethin' into that
thick skull of yours,
and you won't be satisfied till
it's all sorted one way or another.
Yeah, fuck it, you're right.
So, let's sort it...
one way, or the other.
The thing is...
You think I'm gonna
get killed, don't ya?
Well... yeah.
I still have nightmares
about that bloody drive-by,
wakin' up to bullets flyin'
through the bedroom window.
Well, that's all sorted.
It is.
We sorted it out with
the Butchers weeks ago.
- How?
- We had a sit down,
agreed to divvy up the pud.
We get drugs and gambling, and, um,
they get prozzies and
protection. Everyone's happy.
Why?
The Butchers?
You're sure they're
not into drugs any more?
Yeah, that's what I told ya.
How sure, Ray?
It was their idea.
After all the shit we went
through to make the truce,
there's no way they'd break it.
Shit.
- What the fu...?
- Can I get out, please?
Hey...?
This is Frank, leave a message.
It's Rita. Tell Auntie
Pat the Dutchman's no good,
he's no fuckin' good!
- Move!
- Oi!
You wanna start somethin'?
- Yeah?
- Ray, listen to me.
For fuck's sake, Reets, if
you don't wanna marry me,
- just say so.
- Shut up and listen!
I do wanna marry you,
Ray, and I love ya,
but there's somethin' you need to know.
Huh? No more bets?!
That's it, that's it. Get her, Booms!
- Come on.
- Ding ding!
Come on, Boomer, that's it!
- That's it, weave!
- Come on, Boomer!
That's it! Wipe that
smile off of her face!
She's out!
Cherry! Cherry!
- You OK, Booms?
- What? Did I win?
Show me where you buried her.
I want you to take me there.
Why?
To prove you went through with it.
I fuckin' buried her, OK?
Maybe you didn't, I dunno...
then maybe you had second
thoughts and dug her up.
Maybe you were too chickenshit
to go through with it, and you
made a fucking deal with her.
Are you... are you serious right now?!
- Someone's stalking Vera...
- Maybe it was you.
How could it be me? I was
with you when it was happening.
- Take me there.
- Mr Jackson!
What is going on?!
- Will, take the day off.
- I'm OK.
That wasn't a request.
Don't trust Jake.
You know what he wants,
don't you? He's playing you.
He knows you're falling apart, and
he's tryin' to pin it all on you,
so he gets away scot-free.
_
- I told you to go.
- I think it's Jake who is stalking you.
- Well, Will, I thought so too, but...
- No, no, he wants... No, listen...
he wants me to think
that she's still alive,
so I'll be forced to take
him to where I buried her.
- Why?
- If he knows where Ferguson's body is...
he can set me up to take the fall.
H-how... can Jake have put
the gloves on my pillow?
He was with you when it happened.
He could've done if he had a partner.
I checked his phone.
He's been getting urgent messages
from someone who wants to meet him.
- Who?
- Ah, someone called Turk.
What the fuck? Fuckin' hell!
Let her go, Zara.
Fuck!
So, you told your boyfriend, hmm?
About the little drug deal
you overheard us talking about
with the Butchers?
Didn't you?
I dunno what you're talkin' about.
She's lying.
Your gang, they showed
up demanding the drugs...
Only there weren't any
drugs, because we set you up.
And why would you set me up?
You're the fucking rat.
OK. I told Ray, sure.
But only because I thought the Butchers
- were double-crossing 'em.
- Bullshit.
My loyalty's to the Conquerors,
and that's just the way it is.
And I'm sorry if you're
pissed off, Marie,
but my club means more
to me than anything...
including you.
She's the snitch. She told the cops.
The cops? What? Where they there?
She's playing us, Marie.
Connors...
get your arse out here!
Excuse me.
- So, what the fuck was that about?
- Had no choice.
So you send your bikie mates
in there to fuck up the sting?
It was a set up, Jonesie.
There were no drugs.
If you'd have gone in there,
you'd have blown my cover.
If you haven't done it
now by draggin' me in here
- for this friggin' interview.
- So, why was it a set-up?
Winter and Drago are suss on me.
Oh... fuck.
So, is your cover still good?
I dunno, but this is
definitely a setback.
I just need more time to
win Marie's trust back...
We don't have a lot of time, Rita.
Maybe we can do somethin'
to speed things up.
Like what?
Just leave it with
us, we'll sort it out.
Turk?!
Turk, it's me!
- Hey.
- Oh, hey mate, listen...
- Why are the cops all over me, Jakey?
- The cops?
Why are they asking me
questions about the 90 grand?
- I don't know.
- Gah!
This is the second time
I've had a gun in your face.
If you wanna live, you better
come up with a better answer
than "I don't fucking
know". Now, what is goin' on?
- I...
- Don't say it.
Let's go, Jake. Come on, let's go.
- Morning. Thank you.
- Morning, Governor.
You gonna tell her?
I was wrong.
Jake wasn't working with Turk.
- Well, you could've just asked me that.
- Yeah, then I wouldn't have been there
- to save your arse.
- OK, just stop.
Did Ferguson ever say anything to
you about a "shiny, little crown"?
My Governor epaulettes, did
she ever mention anything
- to you about them?
- No.
OK, when Ferguson first arrived
as a prisoner, she taunted me.
She said, "I am coming for
that shiny, little crown".
It was a private conversation. I
have never told anyone about it.
A few weeks ago... my
epaulettes went missing.
I blamed the dry cleaner,
but given recent events...
Well, maybe she told someone about it?
Well maybe, but the most
likely person was Jake,
- and if it wasn't him...
- What are you trying to say?
What...?!
What... that-that...
that Ferguson's still...?
- Have you ever been back?
- Why would I go back there?
To make sure the body is still there?
This is fucked!
You can't trust Vera, either.
They both know you're the weak link.
They'll betray you.
No... no, not Vera.
- You know it.
- Not Vera, never.
- You know it, they'll both betray you.
- No, no you're wrong.
- They'll both betray you.
- No, you're wrong.
They'll both betray you.
- They'll both betray you.
- You're dead.
They'll both betray you.
- They'll both betray you.
- Fuck you!
They'll both... Ch...
You're gone.
I'll do it.
I'll go back there tonight,
make sure she's there.
- I'm coming, too. Yes.
- No.
I won't be satisfied until
I see her with my own eyes.
I need to see her, too.
Are you all right, love?
- Hmm? Oh, yeah.
- Here, we'll get you some toast, love.
- Hang on. Here you go...
- Yeah.
- have that. All right.
- Thanks.
Come on.
You'll fuckin' keep, bitch.
- You're always fuckin' boxin'!
- Is that right?
All right, I'll fuckin'
fight you dirty next time!
- Boomer... fuckin' sit down!
- No, no, no...!
Ooh!
You oughta be ashamed of yourself!
- Come on, help me pick it up.
- Oh... yeah.
What?
I fucked up, OK?
But I swear to God, I'm not Marie's spy.
I loved Danny.
He was like my little brother, I...
That's why I told Marie that
I'd show you those photos,
I just want to help her
find out who killed him.
I freaked out.
I freaked out because I'm scared.
Well, scared of what?
You and Marie, what you had.
Way in the past.
Still, I-I can't compete with that.
It's not a competition,
I wanna be with you...
not her.
Oh, OK.
We got word from the outside.
We know who the rat is.
Makes me very happy it's not you, Rita.
However... you did betray
me to your boyfriend.
I understand how important loyalty
is, so I respect that choice,
but unfortunately, I can
never trust you again.
So, you pick up that tray...
and move to another table.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit!
Fuck... fuckin'...
Fuck...
What do you want?
This is for Marie.
- Oof!
- You're a fucking rat!
Help! Stop!
Oh, Che... Cherry... Oh, Che...
Uncle Frank, what the fuck did you do?
We fixed your mess, they got their rat.
I never asked you to. Fuck!
Sync & corrections by PetaG & chamallow
- www.MY-SUBS.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org